replace four bullets with a paragraph. (#35995)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/getting_started_with_the_web/installing_basic_software/index.md

> - **Web browsers**, to test code in. Currently, the most-used browsers are [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/), [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/), [Safari](https://www.apple.com/safari/), and [Microsoft Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/edge). You should also test how your site performs on mobile devices and on any old browsers your target audience may still be using (such as IE 8–10). [Lynx](https://lynx.browser.org/), a text-based terminal web browser, is great for seeing how your site is experienced by visually-impaired users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Web browsers**, to test code in. Currently, the most-used browsers are [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/), [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/), [Safari](https://www.apple.com/safari/), and [Microsoft Edge](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/edge). You should also test how your site performs on mobile devices and on any other browsers your target audience may be using. [Lynx](https://lynx.browser.org/), a text-based terminal web browser, is great for seeing how your site is experienced by visually-impaired users.
```
